I always respect the anti-Japanese warriors.
Besides,
you should thank Miss Cai.
She didn’t go to the Brigade to find me.
I might not come.
Brigade Commander Cui.
I know I shouldn't have offended you.
but this is an emergency.
The Japanese are in Shaanxi now.
Some Chinese are in danger.
Thank you for coming in time, Brigade Commander Cui.
But we're still late.
We lost a lot of brothers.
Zheng Xiong Tian Yuan
set us up.
This revenge is finally settled.
Be careful from now on.
Don't act recklessly again.
Now that Old Ghost He is dead,
Zheng Xiong Tian Yuan has escaped.
Why don't we go back
and discuss it later?
Brigade Commander Cui.
Thanks.
Be careful.
Brigade Commander, you just let them go?
Let them go.
These swordsmen are also righteous.
If we save them today,
he will remember your kindness.
There will be a lot of things to use in the future.
What should we tell the higher-ups?
Tell Jang Gong-yeon
The commander asked us to come.
Jang Gong-yeon won't be so stupid
The 20th Army Line.
And that Masahio Tachihara we just talked about.
Search him in the city.
in a house in the second year of Ruixing.
It's my fault.
I shouldn't have acted on my own.
When I went down the mountain,
they were all lively.
But when they came back,
he died, died, injured.
Is this something you can make up
with just an apology?
I told you before I left
to listen to Cui WenPei's advice.
But why did you decide on your own?
Zheng Xiong Tian Yuan had entered Old Ghost He's house.
She was afraid that she would miss the chance.
Brother Xi.
You're a veteran.
The situation has changed,
we should act according to the circumstances.
In this situation,
Thankfully, Choi Moon-bae got help in time.
Otherwise, we don't know how many people will die.
Where are you going?
I hurt my brother.
I'll go down the mountain now
to take revenge on Zheng Xiong Tahara.
Are you done?
Can you find him?
Even if I can,
can you handle him?
If you get caught by him again,
we will run to save you.
What do you mean?
Do you think I'm a drag on everyone?
I don't want to talk anymore.
Just say it.
Okay.
You have a kind heart, right?
you have a kind heart.
But the personality you grew up with
always makes you do bad things.
You are arrogant and unreasonable.
You never care about the consequences.
If this continues,
will any of us follow you?
Even 100,000 swordsmen are not enough for you.
Got it.
I'm leaving.
I won't get in your way anymore.
Sister.
I've always admired you.
But you went too far today.
We can't delay
We can't delay any longer.
Japanese may attack Shaanxi at any time.
Once the Japanese attack Shanzhou,
and then organize swordsmen to fight Japan,
I'm afraid it's too late.
Sister, are you really leaving?
Are you mad at Young Master?
Me too.
How could he say that to you?
Sister.
Wait here.
I’ll go find Young Master.
to apologize to you.
Don't go.
Nini, you're still young.
You won't understand many things.
Sister.
No matter what,
Ni will always be with you.
Did I go too far?
Although Shangguan eagle is a bit reckless,
she is a good girl.
I watched her through life and death.
She's affectionate and loyal.
and passionate.
I just lack some combat experience.
Most importantly,
she likes you.
and changed a lot for you.
Indeed.
She has become a lot mature
She's matured a lot.
It's very powerful to like someone.
that you can lead her to the right path.
and contribute to the nation.
But I hurt her deeply.
Every time we beat the devil,
every time we hit demons.
Once the wound heals, it becomes a scar.
Scars won't disappear.
But these scars make our lives
more texture
and stronger.
It's the medal of our revolutionary warriors.
I've never been in a relationship.
But I think
love is the same.
You have to endure hardships and hardships.
Thank you.
I'll go find her.
You don't have long swordsmanship,
but you’ve improved a lot.
Madam.
Do you know
how carefree my daughter was?
Everyone in the fortress
in the fortress.
But after I gave it to you,
she didn't smile when she came back.
She cried.
Do you know
how heartbroken I am?
Madam, let me explain.
If you dare to bully my daughter,
you have to pay the price.
Say, do you want to remove your arms or legs?
What?
You don't choose?
I'll choose for you.
Eagle, stay out of it.
I'll teach him a lesson for you.
He's heartless.
Let me kill him
and choose a good son-in-law for you.
I'll take care of
between me and him.
This is all I can do.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to apologize to you.
For what?
I spoke too harshly before.
Actually, I know.
Since I came to Shaanxi,
everything I did
will be of your help.
I shouldn't have said that.
Actually, it's not entirely your fault
is not entirely your fault.
I didn't think it through.
You're good at shooting.
But you've never been to a battlefield.
I can't be compared to
who has received professional training.
I was too impatient
I spoke without thinking.
No.
I accept your criticism.
I'm just afraid
that you might think I'm useless.
I've never despised you.
I just want you to learn a lesson.
From now on,
don't be so reckless.
You'll be in danger
you will also be in danger.
I know I was wrong.
I still want you to go back to Black Tiger Mountain
and continue to help me.
When I was in Luoyang,
when I was in Luoyang.
the Black Tiger Mountain was safe.
Everyone in the fortress trusts you.
They can't live without you.
Most importantly,
you stay with me.
When are we going back?
You haven't been back to Qinglong Fortress for a long time.
You can stay here for a few more days.
and keep your father company.
Cai Zhen is also coming to Qinglong Camp.
After she sees your father,
we'll go back together.
She's coming too?
Father, you're here.
Who made my daughter upset again?
No.
Do you know Chae Jin is coming to you?
You mean Cai Zhen
Cai Zhen who attacked Luoyang?
I was about to meet her.
I heard that this person is very powerful.
He saved a lot of people.
and fooled the Japanese.
Even people like Huo Lang
admires her so much.
Why didn't you praise me like that?
You are also my daughter.
No one can compare to you.
Eagle,
Are you
in your heart?
Actually Chae Jin
grew up with Bao.
who grew up with buns.
Are you not confident
in Cai Jennifer?
No.
That means you have no confidence in yourself.
Eagle,
This time, you risked your life with Cai.
You are no longer
naive and arrogant.
Even without the identity of the young lady of Qinglong Camp,
and stand with Cai,
as good as him.
That's not the reason.
This jade pendant
was given to Yun
when they got separated.
He has been keeping it with him all these years.
It shows
how important this is to him.
I just think
no matter what I do,
no matter what I do.
It seems that
in your heart.
I know.
When your mother passed away,
I swore to her
I will take good care of you.
I won't let you suffer.
I will
to me.
Madam, they’re here.
Boss.
Brigade Commander Cui.
We're old friends.
Thank you.
Have a seat.
I’m Major Cai Zhen.
Greetings, Chief of Qinglong Fortress.
Have a seat.
Are you Cai Zhen who made a scene in Luoyang?
Now that I see you,
you're a beautiful and fragile woman.
I also heard that
you dare to break into
to break into Luo Yang, the Japanese defense alone.
Are you really not afraid of death?
I just want the Japanese to see
there are so many Chinese who are not afraid of death.
Sooner or later,
I'll kick them out of our country.
You are indeed as good as men.
What brings you
to my fortress?
I'm here to discuss business with you
to discuss business with you.
I want you
to join us to fight Japan.
Speaking of the sincerity of the army,
I shouldn't refuse.
But I can't trust
I don't trust him.
I heard
is a famous escaped general.
Madam.
I’ll say it again.
If you don't mind,
you can come to my independent Brigade.
In this way, we can discuss
we can discuss it.
What do you think?
The 100,000 swordsmen of Qinglong Camp
If I go to your place,
aren't you afraid that your independent Brigade will overstep the editors?
We can discuss about it.
No need.
I'm used to being free.
I don’t like to be restricted.
Besides, the swordsmen in the fortress
were forced to go up the mountain.
Even if I agree,
they won’t agree.
Since you are here,
why don’t you give me face
and stay here for a few more days?
to witness
to our fortress?
Madam.
Why didn’t you
Why didn't you discuss it with me?
How could I?
I announced your marriage with Eagle
in front of the whole village.
Have you forgotten?
I can't
I can't get married yet.
Give me a reason.
I know your kindness.
It's not that I don't appreciate it.
It's just that
you know my identity.
We have discipline.
I understand what you said.
I want to ask you.
Are you related
with Miss Cai?
If you don't trust my character,
you're doubting your judgement.
Your marriage with Eagle
You'd better give me a proper explanation.
If you insist,
Fine.
I don't want Eagle to be like you.
What do you mean?
Eagle told me
her mother passed away a long time ago.
You never remarried.
Because she is still in your heart.
and no one else.
You'd rather live alone
to live alone.
I respect you.
And I am a warrior.
It's my duty and destiny to fight the enemies.
As long as the enemy doesn't retreat,
I can't go down to the battlefield.
What if
what about Eagle?
Eagle is your daughter.
You know her better than I do.
What would she do
what would she do?
what she will do.
Do you want her
to repeat your path?
I love her.
So I can't hurt her.
Stop it.
You...
explain to Eagle.
Remember.
Be gentle.
Don't hurt her anymore.
Wait.
You saw
what happened just now.
Cui Wenkui has been up the mountain many times.
No matter how hard I refuse,
he still has the same intention
to recruit our swordsmen.
Besides,
I think they know who you are.
If you fail,
I'm more worried that
they will cause you trouble.
How about this?
we take this opportunity
to pretend to be on bad terms.
Let them know that I, Shangguan Bao,
I don't rely on both countries.
lest Jang Gong-yeon
will cause trouble again.
Okay.
Sister.
What’s wrong?
Young Master, Young Master...
What’s wrong with him?
He is discussing your marriage with your father.
Are you two getting married?
Why didn't you tell me?
Did you hear it wrong?
Why didn't I know?
How could I hear it wrong?
Everyone said that.
Young Master is here.
Let him tell you in person.
You have to believe it now.
Young Master.
Give it to me.
Be careful.
Have a good chat.
I'm leaving.
Ni just said
you were discussing our marriage with my father.
Is that true?
Yes.
Your father asked me to tell you in person.
Tell me then.
We can't get married yet.
What do you mean?
I mean
now
to get married.
Not now.
When will it be?
Calm down.
Let me finish.
Is it because of Chae Jin?
What are you thinking?
It has nothing to do with Chae Jin.
Then why?
Japanese.
Japanese?
The Japanese devil's iron hoof
has travelled half of China.
Besides, we have discipline.
We need the approval of marriage.
What did my father say?
Your father didn't agree.
But I think
it's more important for you to understand me.
What if I don't?
We've been through so much together.
Don't you trust me?
I can swear to you.
Okay.
Send it.
If you chase away the Japanese,
I won't marry you.
I'll shed my blood on the battlefield.
in the battlefield.
They've driven away the demons.
There's no war.
There's no such thing.
You can't even swear.
Do you really think I'm a fool?
Leave.
Thank you.
The most important thing now
is to get rid of the invaders.
I'm not a steel body.
I don't want to let her down.
You handled it well.
Shangguan Bao is really foresighted.
After this,
I've regained face for what I said.
and let everyone see
the cooperation between Qinglong Fortress and the Communist Party
is basically impossible.
The National Party has no reason
to pressure Qinglong Fortress.
Kill two birds with one stone.
He also gave us a chance.
By the way,
Aren't you going to tell Choi
to Choi Moon-Kui?
He's your brother.
The first time I saw my brother,
I wanted to recognize him.
He is the only family
in this world.
But it's not the time yet.
My brother and I are in two different sides.
If we meet again,
we'll meet one day.
I don't know how to face it.
Yeah.
As long as the Japanese don't give up,
we can only hide our family relationship
can only be hidden in my heart.
I've been waiting.
I thought you and Young Master
will get married soon.
Who knows we have to wait?
There are things that can't be rushed.
Of course.
What is more important than getting married?
I think Young Master is not honest.
He scolded you in public last time.
in public last time.
Now you're getting married.
Do you think
he doesn't want to marry you anymore?
Nonsense.
The Japanese are domineering in China.
It's not too late
it's not too late.
Easy for you to say.
Do Japanese get kicked out so easily?
I heard
When the National Party meets the Japanese,
when they meet the Japanese.
At this rate,
when will the Japanese be kicked out?
Sister.
What if you get old
before the Japanese get kicked out?
I was just saying.
Sister, don't take it seriously.
Sister, why don't we go down the mountain for a walk?
It's time to get some fresh air.
Let's go.
Sister.
Let's go back.
You wanted to go down the mountain.
It's only a few steps.
just a few steps?
I’m afraid something might happen
if it’s too far away from the village.
Okay.
Go back.
Let's go.
Nini, stop playing.
You said you went down the mountain.
You were the one who wanted to go back.
You're still the one who's delayed on the way.
I don't think you're accompanying me.
You just want to go down the mountain alone.
No.
From Qinglong Fortress to Black Tiger Mountain,
Aren't you tired of staying here?
I just want to take a walk with you
so I want to take a walk with you.
You must miss Young Master again.
Nonsense again.
I don't care.
Nini.
What is she up to again?
Nini, stop it.
Major.
Shangguan Bao never thought
his daughter would fall into our hands.
Major, in my opinion,
we should kill them on the spot.
No!
Shangguan Bao is not an ordinary person.
I know him very well.
But I can use his daughter as an article.
It'll be more useful to keep her alive.
What?
You mean the Japanese are deploying troops
and provisions?
That means
they might attack Shaanxi soon.
According to the current situation,
this is the only possibility.
Mr. Zhang.
Since the enemy has taken action,
we should prepare
and prepare to fight at any time.
Challenge? How can we fight?
With our little force,
is not enough for the Japanese.
Mr. Zhang, you forgot?
Didn't Brigade Commander Cui
to enlist the bandits?
With the 100,000 swordsmen of Shangguan Bao,
we should be able to deal with the Japanese.
That makes sense.
Cui Wenkui has been gone for days.
He should be back by now.
I heard that Shangguan Bao
is not that easy to deal with.
Do you think
colluded with Shangguan Bao?
I don’t think so.
Is it possible that
Cui Wenkui is connected to Route Eight?
Division Commander, why do you think so?
We have to be careful.
We have to consider the worst situation
to plan a way out.
Retreat?
Just in case.
Let go of me! Something's going on!
Let go of me. Let's go and have a look.
Let me out! Hurry!
Sister, help me!
Where are you?
Sister!
Sister.
My goodness.
Why is Shangguan eagle in a sack?
Arrange a plane.
Full gas.
Stand by at the airport 24 hours a day.
If anything happens,
we'll retreat in time.
We’ll retreat if we don’t fight.
It’s not good, Division Commander.
I mean to evacuate our command centre
to the safe zone
to secure the middle camp.
Command counterattack.
If the command centre is taken down,
how can we counterattack?
Mr. Zhang.
Sir.
Come in.
Division Commander,
We caught Shangguan Bao’s daughter, Shangguan Eagle.
Where?
Outside.
Okay.
I want to doze off. Someone sent a pillow.
Bring her in.
Yes.
Madam.
Someone saw Miss Leng leaving the mountain.
Is she alone?
And Master He's daughter, He Xiaoni.
It's not safe down the mountain now.
Send someone to chase them back.
Yes.
It's you again.
You made Eagle angry.
Listen.
If anything bad happens to Eagle,
I won't forgive you.
Who are you?
Why did you tie me up?
Miss Shangguan, calm down.
Let me introduce myself.
I’m Zhang Gong Yan, Division Commander of the Nationalist Party.
Jang Gong-yeon.
Are you Jang Gong-yeon?
Ms. Shangguan seems to know me.
Of course.
Everyone knows you.
The famous Division Commander Zhang Gong Yan
indulged his men to bully the people.
You look like a coward when you see the Japanese.
Isn't that you?
Miss Shangguan,
Since you are a woman,
I won't take this hearsay seriously.
But I have to tell you
you are in my hands now.
You'd better behave.
in case everyone is embarrassed.
Do you know what embarrassment is?
Since I'm here, I want to ask you
why don't you fight the Japanese in real life?
Because of people like you,
the Japanese
in our land.
Miss Shangguan.
I invited you here today
to fight against Japan.
I
want to fight the Japanese.
But
His men are weak.
It's hard to resist.
The Japanese army
So I sincerely invite
Master Shangguan Bao, the head of Qinglong Fortress,
led the swordsmen down the mountain
and help me.
Please do me a favor.
Please make an exception.
You can choose
will be at your disposal.
Dream on!
My father would never
like you.
Release me now.
Otherwise, my father will take his brothers
with his men.
Shangguan Bao is arrogant and arrogant.
His daughter is also so arrogant.
Let's see how long you can be arrogant.
Cut the crap.
Where did you lock my sister?
Where's Ni?
I've already
the video.
I just want her to tell Shangguan Bao
if he doesn't surrender,
I'll kill his precious daughter.
Boss.
do you need us to do something?
Thank you for your kindness.
This is my family matter.
I won’t bother you.
We'll leave you alone.
Fly on the boat.
Master,
I have to go back to Qinglong Camp now.
What happened, Master?
Eagle ran away.
I’ll go back with you.
Maybe Madam needs help now.
Fine.
You and Eagle have always been close.
Maybe I can help. Let's go.
Sister.
My sister was taken to Jang Gong-yeon's command center.
They asked me to tell you
and ask you to surrender.
Otherwise,
Or they'll kill you.
Okay.
Don't cry.
Sorry, sir.
It's all my fault.
I shouldn't have let her go down the mountain.
Please save her.
Take her down to rest.
Yes.
Sister.
Let's go, Miss He.
Sir, please save my sister. Let's go down first.
Miss He.
Sir.
Hurry up.
Qinglong Fortress is lively.
Looks like
Wu Zhen really pissed Shangguan Bao off.
Why are you laughing?
Did I smile?
You didn't?
Actually, this is a good thing
for us.
It's a good timing.
But it's a problem.
Shangguan Bao has always hated
of Jang Gong Yeon.
Even if he doesn't cooperate with the Communist Party,
and cooperate with us,
to work with us.
Shangguan Bao is not a fool.
How can the fortress be quiet
How can the fortress be quiet?
When the time is right,
he will definitely see the situation
and make a choice.
I hope so.
Actor table.
Lee Seung-yup.
and actors.
Su Tianhui, Yang Wanlin, Zhao Dongliang, Chen Yile. Wang Lu.
Yue Wang Yang Ziyi Tian Chenzhe Deng Kai Mei Liang Dong.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin. Wang Yukun.
Jungle.
Huhe Wu Jianyu Zhang Guangyan Sun Yuanwen Chang
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin Nan. Liu, Yu.
Yuan Guangming, Liu, Fei, Du Geng, Yuan Zhongchuan. Wang Zhiwei.
Li Jinyang, Zhang Jianing, Liu Rong Qi.
Staff table.
Director team.
Yun Lihua.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
Tian Shuizhou.
The clothing team.
Wang Jin-sung.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
Li Zhen.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian Qiao Chunsheng Yang Tao Chen Jianfen Jiang Jiping
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Changchang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang, Zhang Jianping
Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng, Liu Fumin.
Yeo Yeong-Jeon, Yang Soo-ri, Jin Yongsheng, Yoo Joon-bong. Yoo Fu Min.
Cut.
Wu Xiaobo.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
Ma Junnan.
Dubber.
Zhou Xiangning.
Music Producer.
Theme song, Hero.
Cheng, Spear.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Cave Scene.
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
The village committee of Shanzhou District,
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Legal consultant Zhu Yongpeng.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
There are three gates in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
The Commissioner of Muji County
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
[Henan Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Three Daodong Watery Culture Development Co., Henan.
First, reward Zhang Bing.
Reward Zhang Bing first.